softperipheral: rev d82cfe4cb3c86fc5523268cfc5e46b6c8b989f56 (#1825)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrfxlib: softperipheral/doc/sQSPI/nrf54L15_porting_v1_1_0.rst

       }
   }

.. _nrf54L15_porting_guide_high_speed_transfers:

High speed transfers
====================

.. warning::

>    High speed transfers (above 32MHz) on NRF54L15 DK are only supported starting from sQSPI 1.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   High speed transfers (above 32 MHz) on the nRF54L15 DK are only supported starting from sQSPI v1.0.0.
```

   }

.. warning::

>    High speed transfers are closely tied to API parameter :c:var:`nrf_sqspi_dev_cfg_t.sample_delay_cyc`, which needs to be set to 0 (see :ref:`sqspi_limitations`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   High speed transfers are closely tied to the API parameter :c:var:`nrf_sqspi_dev_cfg_t.sample_delay_cyc`, which needs to be set to ``0`` (see :ref:`sqspi_limitations`).
```

Memory retention configuration
******************************

> The sQSPI soft peripheral requires RAM retention in order to go into the lowest power consumption mode, which can be called through the :c:func:`nrf_sqspi_deactivate` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sQSPI soft peripheral requires RAM retention to go into the lowest power consumption mode, which can be called through the :c:func:`nrf_sqspi_deactivate` function.
```
